>> Brian: So now we're gonna
do just a modicum of testing.
Before we get started in testing, I'm
probably not the person you wanna learn
testing from because I don't really
like testing my code that much.
Specifically, I don't like
testing UI code a lot.
When I worked at Netflix,
I worked on the homepage, and there's so
much flux in that homepage where it's
constantly changing day over day,
that writing test for
it was pointless, right?
Because we'd spend as much time or
more time writing test and
then just deleting them the next day
when we changed the front page again.
So, that's why I don't write a lot of
tests for specifically React code, because
it changes all the time, and to me that
doesn't make a lot of sense to do that.
But what I will say for
things like we have our API client,
I'll test the hell out of that, right.
I'll abstract business logic into modules,
and I'll test the modules and
then they won't test the UI code.
So you still need to write
front end tests, but
just not as much for UI components.
That being said, like if you
have consistent problems, right?
So for example, Facebook constantly sites
have they have problems with showing
notifications at the wrong time, right.
So they've wrote a lot of tests,
testing that specific things
like making sure that they show
notifications at the right time.
So that might be appropriate.
And I'm gonna show you how to do it and
then you can make your
own decisions about it.
Again there is a kentc.course on fronted
masters that is advanced React testing
where he goes into great
depth on how to do it.
And I'm actually gonna show you
a little bit using his library.
I think he uses something other than Jest,
and I'm gonna use Jest today so
that might be useful to you.
Previous versions of this course
I believe used Mocha as well so
that's interesting to you as well.
I think that's v3 or v2 that uses Mocha.
>> Brian: Okay, so what we're gonna do
right now is we're gonna say
npm install- capital D jest as
well as react-test-library
>> Brian: Okay, inside of your source
director we are going to create
a new folder called __tests__.
Why double underscores on both sides,
or dunders?
I did not make that up,
that's what they're called.
[LAUGH] It's a Python thing.
I think it arose from Python,
it might have been existing from Python.
It's not a JavaScript thing,
it's definitely more from Python.
But it means magical, right?
So if you have underscores on both sides,
it basically means something is looking
for this, so
it must be called this, right?
So in this particular case, jest will
automatically find test directories
named like this and
run tests inside of them, right?
So if I create a new file here,
I'm still gonna call mine SearchParams
>> Brian: .test.js,
but I actually could just call
it SearchParameters.js, and
it would still be found because it's
in the magical test directory, right?
>> Brian: Otherwise it will look for
files called .test.js, or .spec.js.
So,